fix: convert Prometheus histograms to non-cumulative otel histogram (#6685)
open-telemetry/opentelemetry-go-contrib: CHANGELOG.md

### Fixed

- Use `context.Background()` as default context instead of nil in `go.opentelemetry.io/contrib/bridges/otellogr`. (#6527)

> - Convert Prometheus histogram to non-cumulative otel histogram in `go.opentelemetry.io/contrib/bridges/prometheus`. (#6685)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Convert Prometheus histogram to a delta histogram in `go.opentelemetry.io/contrib/bridges/prometheus`. (#6685)
```

Reviewer 2: I prefer the "non-cumulative" wording.  I would suggest
```suggestion
- Convert Prometheus histogram buckets to non-cumulative otel histogram buckets in `go.opentelemetry.io/contrib/bridges/prometheus`. (#6685)
```

Author: Thanks. Done
